doc() No Schema without at least one query (#855)
nestjs/docs.nestjs.com: content/graphql/quick-start.md

The `autoSchemaFile` indicates a path where your automatically generated schema will be created. Additionally, you can pass the `buildSchemaOptions` property - an options object which will be passed in to the `buildSchema()` function (from the `type-graphql` package).

> Please keep in mind that you have to create a query to start generating a schema, a mutation or subscription will not work.

Reviewer: Maybe 😄 

```ts
> info **Hint** A query must be created before schema generation takes place. A mutation or subscription will otherwise not work as expected.
```

> Please keep in mind that you have to create a query to start generating a schema, a mutation or subscription will not work.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> info **Hint** A query must be created before schema generation takes place. A mutation or subscription will otherwise not work as expected.
```
